# cs230
portfolio repository for cs230 snhu

The client for this project was The Gaming Room. They developed and deployed a mobile game that they wanted to take to a larger user base by making it available on web browsers on all pc platforms. I was tasked with recommending a plan to them for development of each step in the process, including what operating systems to use for development, storage and memory management systems, and fine details on the needs of the company to develop the game. I feel I explained the differences between different operating systems well and showed attention to detail in choosing which system would work best for the client and their needs. In working with a design document, having the methods and policies listed out and having to just "fill-in the blanks" with my own research and knowledge was very helpful. Turning the nebulous and intimidating task into more of a methodical approach really worked for my learning style. If I could revise any of the documentation at this point, I would work to make my explanations even more brief and succinct in order to maximize clarity and readability for the client. 
In interpreting the client's needs and implementing them, I took it upon myself to learn ahead of time more about cloud architecture and it's benefits, because I felt that recommending cloud systems was to the benefit of the client, and did not want to recommend something I didn't have much knowledge of. Considering the total need of the client before designing or developing anything is crucial, as each step is important on it's own, but is also intricately intertwined with each other process in application design and must all be considered together. Choosing to deploy in a cloud environment is a big decision, and if it is chosen from the outset then other things can be designed to maximize the efficiency and productivity of all systems. 
